filter-sidebar: Enhanced documentation and guidance around mobile usage. (#1918)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: packages/react/src/filter-sidebar/docs/overview.mdx

description: Filter sidebar is used for displaying filtering options in a search result or catalogue page.
group: Layout
storybookPath: /story/layout-filtersidebar--full
relatedComponents: ['tags']
relatedPatterns: ['search-filters']
---

Filter sidebar is used in catalogue or search results pages to contain filtering options for a list of Cards.

> Filter sidebar collapses on mobile devices into an accordion, where the number of active filter options is displayed prominently in the header. Individual filter tags can be displayed outside of the accordion, providing users with a clear, interactive way to view and remove specific filters as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On mobile devices, the filter sidebar collapses into an accordion, where the number of active filter options is displayed prominently in the header. If filter tags are used, they can be displayed outside the accordion to provide users with a clear, interactive way to view and remove specific filters. For more guidance on filter tags, see the [Search Filters pattern](https://design-system.agriculture.gov.au/patterns/search-filters).
```

Filter sidebar is used in catalogue or search results pages to contain filtering options for a list of Cards.

> The Filter sidebar collapses on mobile devices into an accordion, where the number of active filter options is displayed prominently in the header. Individual filter tags are displayed outside of the accordion, providing users with a clear, interactive way to view and remove specific filters as needed.

Reviewer: Filter tags aren't part of this component, so I think this should be more "if you add filter tags" or it should be added to the patterns/search-filters documentation
